WIP: Updates to specify YANG push lite (#6)
rgwilton/draft-yp-observability: draft-wilton-netconf-yp-observability.md

subscription type is.

## Provides an extensible option for data encoding

NETCONF is an XML based protocol and all NETCONF operations and notifications are defined in XML.  Inside NETCONF
operations and notifications is encoded data.  This encoded data can be delivered in multiple encodings, there need
not necessarily be a limitation on what encoding this data takes as long as the server/producer can encode it and the
client/receiver can decode it.

There are a number of common data encodings in use today (and already standardised by the IETF), however, there may
be new encodings in the future.  This draft, thereforem, will provide an extensible encoding selection to allow
for future additions.

The three data encodings provided initially in this draft are:

- XML as defined in {{RFC7950}}
- JSON_IETF as defined in {{RFC7951}}
- CBOR as defined in {{RFC9254}}

This draft does not mandate any specific data encoding nor does it define the default encoding, instead, leaving the
encoding selection of choice to the consumer (or producer in the case of a configured subscription).

> The establish-subscription operation is extended with an "encoding" option to determine the encoding type.  This "encoding" leaf is an enumeration with the following options: xml, json_ietf, cbor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The establish-subscription operation is extended with an "encoding" option to determine the encoding type.  This "encoding" leaf is an identityref with the following defined identities: xml, json_ietf, cbor
```
This enables better extensibility (should one choose to augment additional encodings at a later point)
